ChatGPT has been accused of engaging in discriminatory behaviors, such as telling jokes about men and people from England while refusing to tell jokes about women and people from India, or praising figures such as Joe Biden while refusing to do the same for Donald Trump.
Reviewers praised how Keanu Reeves' "Baba Yaga" delivers many impressive action sequences, even if the underlying plot is not something that justifies a runtime nearing 3 hours (with a post-credits scene, no less), and it already opened to over $100 million worldwide.
It was the first time the Academy Award Best Picture category featured two sequels (Avatar: The Way of Water and Top Gun: Maverick) as well as the first time two films grossing over $1 billion worldwide were nominated for Best Picture in the same year.
The award-winning actress turned Goop CEO is currently in court for a ski accident back in 2016, with the man who collided with her trying to get millions in indemnization (Paltrow in turn claims he was the one crashing rather than the other way around).
The International Court of Justice (ICJ) rules that the United States violated its 1955 friendship treaty with Iran when it allowed its domestic courts to freeze assets held by Iranian companies, but said that the ICJ does not have jurisdiction over the US$1.75 billion worth of frozen assets held by the Central Bank of Iran.
Brazil and China sign an agreement to trade in their own currencies, ceasing the usage of the United States dollar as an intermediary.
The Vatican officially repudiates the discovery doctrine, writing that the 15th-century papal bulls which promoted it were "manipulated for political purposes by competing colonial powers in order to justify immoral acts against indigenous peoples that were carried out, at times, without opposition from ecclesiastical authorities."
Eleven people die after being crushed in a crowd which gathered to collect food outside a factory in Karachi, Pakistan.
The new income tax in India is a significant change on the old 1961 statute, and contains a controversial "angel tax" provision seeking to capture some of the income entering the country from foreign investors funding India's start-ups.
In basketball, the Sacramento Kings make the NBA playoffs for the first time since 2006, ending their 17-year playoff drought, the longest in NBA history.
Ecuador withdraws its ambassador from Argentina in protest at the latter sheltering Ecuadorian politician María de los Ángeles Duarte since 2020, refusing to give information of her whereabouts.
Riots occur across France a day after President Emmanuel Macron gives a speech on pension reform.
Poland announces the closure of a major border crossing with Belarus "until further notice" amid heightened tensions between the two countries.
Grocery inflation in the United Kingdom reaches a record high of 17.1%, according to market research group Kantar Worldpanel, amid high levels of inflation, supply chain issues and high energy costs impacting the economy.
The novel follows the journey of a miracle baby rumored to be the child of God in search of his origins and mission.
In many cases, from planetary science to mammalian biology, the ease of discovery since the 1700s and 1800s can be fitted to an exponentially decaying curve.
The history of the pineal gland is an account of the scientific development on the understanding of the pineal gland from the ancient Greeks that led to the discovery of its neuroendocrine properties.
Industrialisation brought with the Victorian era a rapidly growing middle class whose increase in numbers had a significant effect on the social strata itself: cultural norms, lifestyle, values, and morality.
Its subject and medium are in line with modernisation, globalization and industrialization, as they symbolise the dynamism and zeitgeist of traditional Bengal at the time of industrialization.
However, the entertainment and intrigue the first half of the movie offers are something the second half fails to provide, with the latter being plagued by a sluggish pace.